आदरणीय महोदय/महोदया | Respected Sir(s)/Madam,

To Whom It May Concern:

Greetings from Bharat Space Education Research Centre!

The Government of India, under the visionary leadership of Hon'ble PM Shri Narendra Modi Ji, has initiated groundbreaking reforms in the space sector. These initiatives are designed to enhance and promote space education, research and development across the nation. A key highlight is the celebration of National Space Day on August 23rd, which underscores India's commitment to fostering innovation and scientific excellence in space exploration. 



This certifies that the participant completed the National Technology Day on 11th May for the session on Advanced Drone Technology, held on 11th May under the theme "Responsible Innovation for Inclusive Growth." We appreciate your participation and hope the event strengthened your scientific outlook.


We wish you every success in your future endeavors and look forward to your continued involvement in upcoming programs aimed at nurturing scientific temperament and supporting the vision of Viksit Bharat Abhiyan 2047. Your certificate of participation for the event is attached.


Feedback Form : https://forms.gle/apgwiktVXHhojhYZ7  ( Mandatory )

WhatsApp Channel link: https://whatsapp.com/channel/0029VamY2PPLCoWuF7CDCG3l

Linkedln: https://www.linkedin.com/company/bharat-space-education-research-centre/

Thank you for your active participation and dedication to technological advancements.

सादर | Regards,
Bharat Space Education Research Centre( भारत अंतरिक्ष शिक्षा अनुसंधान केंद्र)
Director Office (निदेशक कार्यालय)
Email: info@bserc.org/ workshop@bserc.org
Contact No:  7042880241 / 7042788858
Website: www.bserc.org

गोपनीयता सूचना: यह ई-मेल संदेश, किसी भी संलग्नक के साथ,अभिप्रेत प्राप्तकर्ताओं के एकमात्र उपयोग के लिए है और इसमें गोपनीय और विशेषाधिकार सूचना हो सकती है। किसी प्रकार का अप्राधिकृत पुनरीक्षण, उपयोग, प्रकाशन या परिचालन निषेध है। यदि आप अभिप्रेत प्राप्तकर्ता नहीं हैं तो, कृपया प्रेषक से ई-मेल द्वारा संपर्क करें और मूल संदेश की सभी प्रतियों को नष्ट कर दें। कृपया इस ईमेल का अति आवश्यक होने पर ही मुद्रण करें| पर्यावरण जागरूकता फैलाएं।

Confidentiality Notice: This email message, including any attachments, is for the sole use of the intended recipients and may contain confidential and privileged information. Any unauthorized review, use, disclosure or distribution is prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender by replying to this email and delete all copies of the original message. Please only print this email if necessary. Spread environmental awareness.